Fix generic APIModule feeds (#14490)
demisto/content: Packs/ApiModules/ReleaseNotes/2_2_3.md

#### Scripts
##### JSONFeedApiModule

> Fixed an issue when fetching indicators in Cortex XSOAR version below 6.5.0.
> ##### HTTPFeedApiModule
> Fixed an issue when fetching indicators in Cortex XSOAR version below 6.5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where fetching indicators in Cortex XSOAR with a version below 6.5.0 would fail.
##### HTTPFeedApiModule
Fixed an issue where fetching indicators in Cortex XSOAR with a version below 6.5.0 would fail.
```
